
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# About the Paper

This Readme provides supplementary materials and resources related to
the paper:

***“The Standardization of Accounting Language”.***

<div style="text-align: justify">

<span class="smallcaps">Abstract.</span> The communication of accounting
information requires a special vocabulary (i.e., terminology) and in
specialized languages, standardization is considered key to effective
and unambiguous communication. We provide the first large sample-based
evidence on the level, determinants, and implications of accounting
terminology standardization by examining a global sample of more than
330,000 annual reports from 1995 to 2019. Three main takeaways emerge
from our analyses. First, cognitive and dialectal causes (e.g.,
accounting systems and English proficiency) are the most important
drivers of terminology standardization. Second, the adoption of a new
reference framework of accounting terms or tags (i.e., the introduction
of IFRS worldwide and XBRL in the United States) increases
standardization but also conceals important linguistics-related
heterogeneities. Third, terminology standardization is negatively
associated with both the incompleteness within and differences across
accounting databases, consistent with the idea of standardized language
being instrumental for users in extracting accounting information and
reducing information processing costs.

</div>

The complete GitHub repositories consist of 4 parts:

1.  **Part 1:** Additional Information for the Paper

2.  **Part 2:** Pipeline for a Term Count

3.  **Part 3:** Accompanying R Package - Count Terms in a Corpus

4.  **Part 4:** Accompanying R Package - Match Company Names

# Part 1: Additional Information for the Paper

The repository can be found here:
<https://github.com/MatthiasUckert/Terminology>

In this repository you can find our term and concept list and all the
additional list that we publish together with the paper.

# Part 2: Pipeline for a Term Count

The repository can be found here:
<a href="https://github.com/MatthiasUckert/Terminology"
class="uri">https://github.com/MatthiasUckert/</a><a href="https://github.com/MatthiasUckert/Pipeline" class="uri"
title="Pipeline">Pipeline</a>

In this repository you can find our term and concept list and all the
additional list that we publish together with the paper.

# Part 3: Accompanying R Package - Count Terms in a Corpus

This is the package we use for retrieving the position of our terms in
our annual report corpus.

The package can be wound here:
<https://github.com/MatthiasUckert/rTermCount>

# Part 4: Accompanying R Package - Match Company Names

This is the package we use for matching our annual report data set to
Worldscope

The package can be wound here:
<https://github.com/MatthiasUckert/rMatching>

# Additional Information

If you have any questions or issues accessing the repository or
packages, please contact us at {email address}.
